@2024-11-20 Wednesday, November 20th
@09:36 207: Course Schedule #grind75 #timelog:01:15:13
@12:23 Rethink DDIA reading strategy #timelog:00:22:03
I'm trying to be smart about approaching this book, because
it seems to be an important book to read. However,
just reading cover-to-cover may not be the best way to
retain this information (source: tried this already).
I also want to use my knowledge graph system more
effectively.
---
Before my approach involved making a local knowledge graph
as I went to keep track of things. But this approach
is probably too meandering. A better approach would be
to build a graph from the table of contents of DDIA as
an initially, gradually fill out the outline, and then
connect those as references to key concepts which get
created inside of a more generic "distributed systems"
node.
---
append-only style: graphs are more of a cognitive burden
to work out when you're in the thick of reading and
getting information. It's hard to draw one out on paper
because things can dynamically change. Instead, the emphasis
should try to encourage a top-down append-only model, such
as appending lines to a dagzet file, which has already proven
to be effective for appending links.
---
Emergent graph structures: using an loosely append-only
system, one think in terms of nodes and their connections.
For any given node, does it directly connect to larger concepts?
A smaller concepts? From these connections, a directed graph
forms (which will also be acyclic), and big picture concepts
bubble up to the surface.
---
BFS knowledge acquisition: Instead of thinking in terms
of pages, think in terms of larger sections and chapters.
In a given chapter, go to the summary, which I've noticed
tend to be very keyword driven. Add these keywords as
nodes in another graph. If keywords are defined in
terms of other keywords, connect those nodes.
---
Dagzet consists of several namespaced subgraphs using paths
for names. The more nodes exist on a given subgraph, the
more likely emergent hierarchies will emerge.
---
Namespaces in dagzet should be easier to use. For example,
something like =co a b/c= should be able to figure out
that "g/a => g/b/c", assuming those nodes exist in the
parsed file (otherwise cx would need to be used). It
would be also a good idea to have namespaces be implicitely
made: "nn b/c" should be able to create a subgraph "g/b"
with a node called "c". (This might already work?)
---
Oh, cool. namespacing works.
---
So, in conclusion: be more active with the knowledge graph.
Start with making a graph of the authors structure (table
of contents). Fill this out with details, connect those
to another more open-ened graph to dynamically build
hierarchical knowledge structures by piecing together
concepts and terms, and making connections other concepts
and terms.

@12:56 208: Implement Trie #grind75 #timelog:00:06:32

@16:36 NextJS-ing: finished up chapter 12 #nextjs-dashboard-app #timelog:00:28:15

@16:32 NextJS dashboard: starting chapter 13 #nextjs-dashboard-app #timelog:00:22:53
