@2024-07-07 Day 49.
33 days left of batch.
---
prev:

kickstart neovim /
slider groups typescript react /
rust-analyzer

---
next:

|| @!(taskref "resume-setup")!@: Add data points
for projects.

|| @!(taskref "consider-drawing-tablet")!@: potentially
buy a small drawing tablet to play with.

|| @!(taskref "investigate-tic80-audio")!@: look into
tic80 audio code and music player.

---
Right arm is a little sore today, probably
from typing too much yesterday. Going to lay off
a little bit today.

@09:21 Morning Triage

@09:40 Data for projects, then done? #resume-setup

@09:41 Impulsive idea to buy a drawing tablet today #consider-drawing-tablet
I've been on and off about this for a few days.
I think it could be a good interface to try
and tune vocal synth parameters. But, I should make a
decision by end of day.
---
Thinking about using this with my number pad, somehow.
I like the minimalism of the numpad, and consider
it an interesting interface challenge for the
task of musical sequencing. The tablet
could be a good way to get continuous fine tuned
gestural control.
---
Performance interface too?

@09:48 want to examine audio code and capabilities in tic80 today #investigate-tic80-audio
How hackable is it? Is it feasible to shove my rust
DSP code into the TIC80, audio callback, and control
it from tic80 code?
---
I think this could be a fruitful way to build an
ecosystem of toys that match my current aesthetic.
I have semi-long term plans for this potentially.
---
I say "semi-potentially" because for its constraints,
the software has quite a complex software stack. I
don't expect this to be the most portable thing
in the world. The most portable things are ideas,
and after that, bytes of data (8 bits to a byte
is fairly universal). There is a cartridge format,
which may end up being a promising data format
for portability, but we'll see.
---
Short term (as in this batch),
portability or longevity is not a concern. I just
want to hack stuff.

@09:56 Publish!

@10:00 taking a walk, thinking about tablets and interfaces and other such things #consider-drawing-tablet

@11:01 Tablet and mousepad purchased. #consider-drawing-tablet
During my walk, I realized this was a perfect device
for exploring vocal synthesis control. A sort of gold
standard I could use to try out interface concepts before
porting to the web.
---
I'm starting to see building instruments for the web as
"redux", as far as solo interactive musical
experiences go. It's incredibly convenient, but
ultimately the medium of the browser is still lackluster,
and usually there are tradeoffs.
---
Future thinking: collaboration and share-ability are the
big strengths of the web. Something I haven't really
explored yet. Maybe that's something to think about?

@11:10 Concerto: Vocal ensemble control is still first-person experiences #concept-concerto
I want to move forward with an ensemble demo, but
coming up with the interface has been a blocker for me.
I don't want to blindly recreate Blob Opera or Choir.
It's been hard to see past that. How do you meaningfully
control multiple voices?
---
Then I realized, it was never about controlling
multiple voices in Blob Opera or Choir. You were
always controlling one voice at a time, and
the rest would follow. A leader-follower, or
soloist-orchestra relationship. Such a thing
I will call a "concerto" format.

@11:17 drawing tablet demo needs to be realized now #drawing-tablet-demo
The initial proof-of-concept should ideally be flexible
and modular. I'll want to prototype a few instruments
with this thing.

The inputs will be the 10 keys on my numberpad, and
the XYZ inputs from the drawing pad. Realtime audio,
etc.
