@2024-07-29 Day 71. Week 11.
11 days left of batch
---
This past weekend was very heads down. I didn't do
my usual morning triage.
@08:54 Morning triage.

@09:40 How does this sound today? #demo-trio #timelog:00:40:00
Added a new shape. Really expressive now. Vibrato not
as bad as I remembered (with headphones on now instead of speakers).
---
Should resolve to tonic more often. There should be a built
in bias to choose tonic.
---
I'm desiring the instantaneous mode again.
---
The chord changes are happening too quickly.
If I select a pitch, go down quickly, and og back up,
the chord shouldn't change. But it does.

@10:11 Sounding chords are different from hypothetical ones #demo-trio
Right now, a changing pitch triggers a set of chord progressions.
But if they move too quickly, only the last one is heard.
Which means effectively an arbitrary chord transition.
---
How to prevent this? A chord isn't a chord until all 3 voices
commit. If the lead changes pitch, it uses the stored chord
as a reference point. As it continues to change, this chord
will continue to be used. The upper voice is the last
person to commit to a chord, so only then should the
reference chord be updated.
---
When the chord is officially committed for selection, only
then does that chord get registered in the chord frequency
table.
---
Oh my god this is consensus in a distributed system.

@10:25 Tweaking the resume. #resume-follow-up
What are the changes?
---
Talk about Recurse Center. Looking at other resumes,
should go into "education section". What did I learn about?
Some topics, ordered by time investment: Rust, React,
Typescript, Low Level Computer Architecture,
(elements of computer systems), Gameboy Development.
---
More notes on Boomy: "Optimized WAV file generation using X
and built method for measuring throughput". Prototypes:
Describe what was built, intended functionality, tools used.
It's okay if they weren't actually used.
---
Muvik: "Designed and implemented core audiovisual rendering
pipeline in C and Lua". Also include bullet for study and
link to patent.
---
I'm not consistent about ending bullet points with a full
stop.

@10:37 RC should be in experience, not education #resume-follow-up
The education section is just bullet points. Not much
detail.
---
oh hey, it looks like I already had some details for this one.
---
Okay no details.
